				Quiz
				Which of the following statements is NOT true?
		2		 Using Node, we can create a lightweight web server.
	3			 As a web server, your node app needs to fetch files that the client requests. (images, .html, .js, 			.css, etc)
				 Using Node, we can connect to databases like MySQL, Redis, etc
			1	 Using Node, we can deliver HTML content to the client.
4				 Using Node, there is only one right way to do things... for example, there is only one module 							available for you to handle.
				
				Say you have app.js where you have instructions for a node program to execute. How do you execute this file?
4	3	2	1	 By going to the terminal and typing 'node app.js'.
				 By going to the terminal and typing 'run node app.js'
				 By going to the terminal and typing 'make app.js'
				 By going to the terminal and asking politely.
				
				In app.js (which is run by node), when you have it say console.log('hello'), where will this message 'hello' show up?
4	3	2	1	In the terminal, meaning clients/browsers do not see this message and that this message is mostly for 				yourself/developer.
				It shows up in the Javascript console for the Client (for Chrome, under Inspect Element, Console)
				
				In index.html, you include a simple .js file that encodes: console.log('hello'). Where will this message show up?
		2	1	 It shows up in the terminal.
4	3			 It shows up in the JavaScript console for the client.
				
				What's happening when we run 'npm install [module name]'?
4	3	2	1	 It installs a node module in the current directory, allowing the files in the current directories to 		 	 have access to that particular node module.
				 It installs the module globally where everyone (including other users) can all access.
				
				What's happening when we run 'npm install -g [module name]'?
				 It installs a node module in the current directory, allowing the node files in the current directories to have access to that particular node module.
4	3	2	1	 It installs the module globally where everyone (including other users) can all access the module. You do 	   		NOT want to do this for all modules but only for modules you know you will be using on ALL of your node 		 projects .
				
				What is the purpose of nodemon?
4	3	2	1	 To automatically restart the server whenever the file gets changed.
				 To monitor the progress of your node code.
				 To keep evil demons from being instantiated on your node server, hence 'no demon'.
7/7	6/7	5/7	5/7
